c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.pdb
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Data.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.DAL.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Data.pdb
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.DAL.pdb
c:\users\jzcvqp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll.config
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.pdb
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Data.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.DAL.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.pdb
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Data.pdb
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.DAL.pdb
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.pdb
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.DAL.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Data.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Web.pdb
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Learning.Data.pdb
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.dll
C:\Users\jzcvqp\Documents\GitHub\eLearning\eLearning\Learning.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Learning.Web.Tests.pdb
